added README.md and data to InjectDataController (#12)
matviichuk92/Online-Shop: README.md

# **online grocery shop**
__________________
**Project purpose**
__________________

> Create online project on base localhost with connection to DataBase 
> with next functionality:
> - register users and save password in hashing view in DB;
> - access to pages according to roles(user and admin);
> - users can: look through products and add it to own cart, edit cart, 
> create orders and see all own orders;
> - admin have access to all information about users, orders, products with ability to edit and delete them.
> ___________________________

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An online project in the form of an internet shop prototype with a connection to a database (DB).
The shop presented in this project has the following functionality:
- registering users and saving hashed passwords in the DB;
- role-based access to pages for users and admins;
- users can: look through the products in the store and add them to their cart, edit the cart, 
place orders, and see all their previous orders;
- admins have access to all information about the users, their orders, and products in the store, which they can edit and delete.
___________________________
```

**Project structure and details**
_________________

> Project have N-tier architecture: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project has an N-tier architecture: 
```

- controller(request processing and response sending);
- service(business logic);
- DAO(CRUD operation with DB);

> Also, four major entities: Product, User, ShoppingCart and Order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project also features four major entities: Product, User, ShoppingCart, and Order.
```

> Project correspond to SOLID, KISS and DRY principles. It's created with Java EE, MySQL, Maven, Apache Tomcat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project follows SOLID, KISS, and DRY principles. It was created with Java EE, MySQL, Maven, and Apache Tomcat.
```

_______________ 
**Launch guide**
__________________

> - Fork project;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download the project to your machine;
```

- Add Maven;
- Download Tomcat from _tomcat.apache.org_, unzip, add it to _install package_, add the new configuration
(if you use IntelJ) TomCat Server(choose "Local" and point install package) in project, 
choose the artifact _war-exploded_, in _application context_ field just put slash symbol;
- Using MySQL Workbench 8.0 CE create a schema and tables as specified in init-db.sql;

> - Register like regular user;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Launch the project using the Tomcat Server;
- Register as a user on the website;
```

> - Log in to site and push button "Inject data" and check user functionality;
> - Logout and log in like admin(login - boss, password - 123) and check admin functionality;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log in to the website, click on the button "Inject data" and check the user functionality;
- Logout and log in as an admin using login "boss" and password "123" and check the admin functionality;
```

**Project structure and details**
_________________
The project has an N-tier architecture: 
- controller(request processing and response sending);
- service(business logic);
- DAO(CRUD operation with DB);

The project also features four major entities: Product, User, ShoppingCart and Order.
 
The project follows to SOLID, KISS, and DRY principles. It was created with Java EE, MySQL, Maven, and Apache Tomcat.
_______________ 
**Launch guide**
__________________
- Download the project to your machine;
- Add Maven;
- Download Tomcat from _tomcat.apache.org_, unzip, add it to _install package_, add the new configuration
(if you use IntelJ) TomCat Server(choose "Local" and point install package) in project, 
choose the artifact _war-exploded_, in _application context_ field just put slash symbol;
- Using MySQL Workbench 8.0 CE create a schema and tables as specified in init-db.sql;
- Launch the project using the Tomcat Server;
- Log in to the website, click on the button "Inject data" and check the user functionality;
- Logout and log in as an admin using login "boss" and password "123" and check the admin functionality;
____________________________________
**Roman Matviichuk**

> **matviihuk.office@gmail.com**

Reviewer 2: let's add a hyperlink to your GitHub profile here instead (see markdown cheatsheet)
